you
yeah we got hit a couple offer everyone
bounced back off everyone chopping got
to habit wrong here and when I spread
yet you gather one chopping it's the
chopping chopping nigga up and under
I hit a couple more for every warm
bounce back all family the choppa gots a
heavy drum he when I spray get you
gather wood chopping gets the chopping
chopping nigga up leave him done chop
chop chop big is to getting busy got the
simin niggas lose fingers claiming they
pocket empty wrappers turn singles I'm
sorry it's just the profit and me
rocking with me neutrons faking they
banging stop the Jimmy does could be
faking I seen the possum any visit
doctor easy so I can inject some shots
opinion shots at any rock with cleaning
I hit the block with 60 shooter dr.
Manny prescribe you something to the
block your memories yeah and just listen
while being coached to notice you got a
problem if you're immune to being broke
a to every would that's fucking witness
that's doping you haters his a storm
assuming you need a rope nigga down look
in a couple offer everyone else back off
everyone choppa got too heavy trunk yeah
and when I spray get you rather one
chopper gets the chime and chopping
nigga up and loop
I hit a couple more for everyone else
back off everyone shopping gots a heavy
drug yogi when I spray here you better
blow chop against the chopping just
bigger up and leave him done shopping
nigga day all night playing game
glitches brains knocked out nigga go
when the flame hits the dirty world
looking at the same picture on your
chest
hey everybody else to K which oh you
know I've been a fool with the tool off
the Youngblood niggas drowning like they
in the pool I got a only choke and I
fuck were doing people oh yeah - oh me
courtesy from me to you
all pushing nigga top back unless you
got a metal helmet on you can't stop
there
you better go when I pop they're fine
yes dad with a cop they're in the double
pocket whoa
hit a couple offer everyone bounce back
off everyone chop I got to have beat
wrong yeah and when I spray it you the
other one chop against the chop and chop
a nigger up and leave them done I hit a
couple more for everyone else back off
everyone chopping gots a heavy drum yeah
and when I spray yeah you better one
chop against the chop and chop a nigga
up and leave him done what so niggas
won't the max or the two to three so fun
shorties on the Block dance super free
we gettin mighty off the seat thousand
grams a day all my killing straight
those let us run the street I can't so
niggas lift and shoot him in his face
bone I keep on shooting the myth is
facing to the face gone I hate losing
boo tell them said them goes through and
everything good go shoot it to the bone
blue I got so thirsty bitches like to do
the work for me I'm pretty killer pull
the trigger do the work dirty I hit go
deal
tell them here go steal honey round
songs in the chocolate my
I hit a couple offer everyone else back
off everyone shopping got too heavy
trunk yeah and when I spray it you the
other one chopping it's the chop and
chop and nigger up and leave them done
hey I hit a couple more for everyone
else back off everyone shopping gots a
heavy troll yeah and when I spray it you
better one chop against the time I
believe them
oh I hate you niggas wanna murder wanna
murder me and that makes me want to
murder you drop the flop and these
niggas that go to surgery boys murder
one even though I just murdered two
don't think is over cuz you boys I
didn't set my babies to catch you and
get them toys back they said the Rica's
is killers I'm saying boy stop get going
and get it to boy Scotty I know you're
saying I'm an asshole big boy prolly in
the military I see you people because oh
she come again
in a couple offer everyone else back off
everyone shopping gots a habit wrong
yeah and when I spray get you better one
chopper gets the chop and chop a nigga
up and leave them done I hit a couple
offer everyone else back off everyone
shopping gots a heavy drunk
yeah and when I spray did you rather one
chop against a chop and chop a nigga up
and leave him done
you